hey everyone so this is a revamp of an
existing example basically the example
that it was in the Jazz ipfs repo you
could connect Jas or go demon and
exchange files between your terminal
demon and the browser I supercharged
it's using pub/sub as you saw in the
demo this morning and you can now
exchange files in in the browser only
you can all you can come here to J's
ipfs examples and this is well this is
available for you to hack this is a cool
tool to serve as like a skeleton to make
more complicated apps so let me just
start the app here let's start start
okay so using pops up we can sub can
subscribe to some topic for example
Berlin dev and here we have the little
app each tab opens up a new demon you
can see the note is ready you can see
the connected peers you have here a
table with the files and you can drag
and drop but the cool thing is we can
open another tab in the same domain as
we can call it the Berlin dev it spawns
another node etc let's hope this works
so we can just drag and drop a file here
it uploads to ipfs gets in this table
and using pub/sub it says ok i have this
file so every one that is connected to
berlin def gets the file - it's here you
can go the other way around of course
drop here a logo and it should appear
here yeah and you can make like a bigger
file you can see the progress here being
uploaded so ipfs and sometime later it
will appear here - and this is probably
not gonna work what if you open another
tab the files that are here will be
synced to